[doc] setup with docker image (#2956)
elastic/apm-agent-java: docs/setup/get-agent.asciidoc

// tag::maven-central[]

Java agent releases are published to https://repo.maven.apache.org/maven2/[Maven central], in order to get a copy you can either:

- download manually from https://search.maven.org/artifact/co.elastic.apm/elastic-apm-agent[Maven central].
- download with `curl`:
+
[source,bash]
----
curl -o 'elastic-apm-agent.jar' -L 'https://oss.sonatype.org/service/local/artifact/maven/redirect?r=releases&g=co.elastic.apm&a=elastic-apm-agent&v=LATEST'
----

// end::maven-central[]

// tag::docker[]

> Java agent releases are published as Docker images in `docker.elastic.co` registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Java agent releases are published as Docker images  through the `docker.elastic.co` registry.
```

The `latest` tag allows to use the most recent release at the time the image is built.

> Adding the following statement in `Dockerfile` will add the agent jar in `/elastic-apm-agent.jar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the following statement in `Dockerfile` will copy the agent jar to `/elastic-apm-agent.jar`.
```
